okay seriously what is hashtag agon bro
it's the biggest social media convention
ever yeah man hashtag akan everyone's
gonna be there
people get later convention if you on
the same fight it's ready man we have to
fly hide your drugs and hides and
liqueurs cuz we searched a bite around
yeah welcome aboard like 1524 do you're
always surprised when you choose to
airplane
[Applause]
what should we do I need you to figure
this out maybe someone else has a plan
[Applause]
you're right you know a Terry story
might know I'm a social media sensation
there is no social media confession
[Music]
[Applause]
do you know how to tie the 767
[Music]
I mean if you don't know nothing
somebody to get this best go get better
together
you